Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsAlgorithm.rst, before:

.. _Chap:InputsAlgorithm:

Algorithm Options
=================

The following inputs must be preceded by "incflo."

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
|  advection_type      |  Advection scheme (options: Godunov, MOL, BDS)                        |  string     |  Godunov     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  advect_momentum     | Advect momentum (otherwise use convective differencing)               |  bool       |  false       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  advect_tracer       |  evolve the tracer equation(s)?                                       |  bool       |  false       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  trac_is_conservative|  Is tracer conserved? If specified, one entry required per tracer     |  int        |  1           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  ntrac               |  number of tracers                                                    |  int        |  1           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  constant_density    |  Only evolve the continuity equation if false                         |  bool       |  true        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  rho_0               |  density (if constant)                                                |  Real       |  1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  diffusion_type      |  Diffusion type (0 = Explicit, 1 = Crank-Nicholson, 2 = Implicit)     |       int   | 2 (Implicit) |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  mu                  |  viscosity (if constant)                                              |  Real       |  1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  mu_s                |  scalar diffusivity                                                   |  Real(s)    |  0.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  use_tensor_solve    |  In velocity solve, use multicomponent :math:`\nabla \cdot \tau`      |  bool       |  true        |
|                      |  otherwise use separate solves for each velocity component            |             |              |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

Commit message:

add use_cc_proj to docs

Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsAlgorithm.rst, after:

.. _Chap:InputsAlgorithm:

Algorithm Options
=================

The following inputs must be preceded by "incflo."

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
|  advection_type      |  Advection scheme (options: Godunov, MOL, BDS)                        |  string     |  Godunov     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  advect_momentum     | Advect momentum (otherwise use convective differencing)               |  bool       |  false       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  advect_tracer       |  evolve the tracer equation(s)?                                       |  bool       |  false       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  trac_is_conservative|  Is tracer conserved? If specified, one entry required per tracer     |  int        |  1           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  ntrac               |  number of tracers                                                    |  int        |  1           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  constant_density    |  Only evolve the continuity equation if false                         |  bool       |  true        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  rho_0               |  density (if constant)                                                |  Real       |  1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  diffusion_type      |  Diffusion type (0 = Explicit, 1 = Crank-Nicholson, 2 = Implicit)     |       int   | 2 (Implicit) |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  mu                  |  viscosity (if constant)                                              |  Real       |  1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  mu_s                |  scalar diffusivity                                                   |  Real(s)    |  0.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  use_cc_proj         |  Use cell-centered rather than nodal pressure; this changes the       |  bool       | false        |
|                      |  which approximate projection we use                                  |             |              |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|  use_tensor_solve    |  In velocity solve, use multicomponent :math:`\nabla \cdot \tau`      |  bool       |  true        |
|                      |  otherwise use separate solves for each velocity component            |             |              |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
