Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsTimeStepping.rst, before:

.. sec:InputsTimeStepping:

Time Stepping
=============

The first three inputs below do not take a prefix.  Note that the first two are both specified, both criteria
are used and the simulation still stop when the first criterion is hit.  In the case of unsteady flow,
the simulation will stop when either the number of steps reaches max_step or time reaches stop_time.
In the case of steady flow, the simulation will stop when either the tolerance (difference between
subsequent steps) is reached or the number of iterations reaches the maximum number specified.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
| max_step             | Maximum number of time steps to take                                  |    Int      |  -1          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| stop_time            | Maximum time to reach                                                 |    Real     | -1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| steady_state         | Is this a steady state problem?                                       |    Bool     |   False      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

The inputs below must be preceded by "incflo."

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
| fixed_dt             | Value of fixed dt if > 0                                              |    Real     |   -1.        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| cfl                  | CFL constraint (dt < cfl * dx / u) if fixed_dt not > 0                |    Real     |   0.5        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

Setting the Time Step
---------------------

  * If you want to fix the dt, simply set :cpp:`incflo.fixed_dt = XXX` and the fluid time
    step will always be that number.

  * If you want to let the code determine the appropriate time step using the advective CFL
    condition, then set :cpp:`incflo.cfl = 0.7` for example, and the fluid time step will
    be computed to be dt = 0.7 * dx / max(vel).

  * Note that the cfl defaults to 0.5 so it does not have to be set in the inputs file. If neither
    :cpp:`incflo.cfl` nor :cpp:`fixed_dt` is set, then default value of cfl will be used.
    If :cpp:`incflo.fixed_dt` is set, then it will override the cfl option whether
    :cpp:`incflo.cfl` is set or not.

Commit message:

Cleanup (#103)
1. Make first call to compute_vel_forces in ApplyPredictor safer for new
forms of the forcing term. For the forcing terms currently in incflo,
the old way was fine and this code change should not alter results.
However, for restart, only old time data is guaranteed to be FillPatched
at this point. So, since old and new represent the same data at this
point in the code, this is a safer choice for more general forms of the
forcing term that users may wish to introduce.
2. Add time step options to Docs
3. Add a comment, fix typo and outdated info in other comments.

Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsTimeStepping.rst, after:

.. sec:InputsTimeStepping:

Time Stepping
=============

The first three inputs below do not take a prefix.  Note that the first two are both specified, both criteria
are used and the simulation still stop when the first criterion is hit.  In the case of unsteady flow,
the simulation will stop when either the number of steps reaches max_step or time reaches stop_time.
In the case of steady flow, the simulation will stop when either the tolerance (difference between
subsequent steps) is reached or the number of iterations reaches the maximum number specified.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
| max_step             | Maximum number of time steps to take                                  |    Int      |  -1          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| stop_time            | Maximum time to reach                                                 |    Real     | -1.0         |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| steady_state         | Is this a steady state problem?                                       |    Bool     |   False      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

The inputs below must be preceded by "incflo."

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
| fixed_dt             | Value of fixed dt if > 0                                              |    Real     |   -1.        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| cfl                  | CFL constraint (dt < cfl * dx / u) if fixed_dt not > 0                |    Real     |   0.5        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| dt_change_max        | maximum percentage dt can increase                                    |    Real     |   1.1        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| init_shrink          | reduce the initial time step by this safety factor                    |    Real     |   0.1        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

Setting the Time Step
---------------------

  * If you want to fix the dt, simply set :cpp:`incflo.fixed_dt = XXX` and the fluid time
    step will always be that number.

  * If you want to let the code determine the appropriate time step using the advective CFL
    condition, then set :cpp:`incflo.cfl = 0.7` for example, and the fluid time step will
    be computed to be dt = 0.7 * dx / max(vel).

  * Note that the cfl defaults to 0.5 so it does not have to be set in the inputs file. If neither
    :cpp:`incflo.cfl` nor :cpp:`fixed_dt` is set, then default value of cfl will be used.
    If :cpp:`incflo.fixed_dt` is set, then it will override the cfl option whether
    :cpp:`incflo.cfl` is set or not.
