Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsPlotFiles.rst, before:

.. _Chap:InputsPlotfiles:

Plotfiles and Other Output
==========================

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and control frequency and naming of plotfile generation as well
as whether the EB geometry should be written out.

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                     | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+=====================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| plot_int            | Frequency of plotfile output;                                         |    Int      | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
| plot_per_exact      | Time period of plotfile output (exact); will modify dt                |    Real     | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
| plot_per_approx     | Time period of plotfile output (approximate); does not modify dt      |    Real     | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plotfile_on_restart | Should we write a plotfile when we restart (only used if plot_int>0)  |   Bool      | False     |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plot_file           | Prefix to use for plotfile output                                     |  String     | plt       |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| write_eb_surface    | Should we write out the EB geometry in vtp format                     |   Bool      | False     |
|                     | If true, it will only be written once,after initialization or restart |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and control what variables will be written in plotfiles.

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                     | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+=====================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| plt_ccse_regtest    | Save all variables to plot file (overrides all other IO flags)        |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_velx            | Save x-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vely            | Save y-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_velz            | Save z-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_p               | Save pressure to plot file                                            |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_rho             | Save density to plot file                                             |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_tracer          | Save tracer to plot file                                              |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_eta             | Save viscosity to plot file                                           |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpx             | Save dp/dx to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpy             | Save dp/dy to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpz             | Save dp/dz to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vort            | Save vorticity to plot file                                           |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_forcing         | Save forcing term for velocity to plot file                           |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_strainrate      | Save strain rate to plot file                                         |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_divu            | Save velocity divergence to plot file                                 |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vfrac           | Save EB volume fraction to plot file                                  |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

Commit message:

Add option to write a smallplotfile as in AmrLevel. A user defined (#136)
selection of variables can be written at a different interval than the
full plotfile, e.g.
amr.smallplot_int = 5
amr.smallplotVariables = density magvel

Also add the option to specify plotfile variables as a list, e.g. 
amr.plotVariables = velx vely velz

Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsPlotFiles.rst, after:

.. _Chap:InputsPlotfiles:

Plotfiles and Other Output
==========================

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and control frequency and naming of plotfile generation as well
as whether the EB geometry should be written out.

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                     | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+=====================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| plot_int            | Frequency of plotfile output;                                         |    Int      | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
| plot_per_exact      | Time period of plotfile output (exact); will modify dt                |    Real     | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
| plot_per_approx     | Time period of plotfile output (approximate); does not modify dt      |    Real     | -1        |
|                     | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plotfile_on_restart | Should we write a plotfile when we restart (only used if plot_int>0)  |   Bool      | False     |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plot_file           | Prefix to use for plotfile output                                     |  String     | plt       |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| write_eb_surface    | Should we write out the EB geometry in vtp format                     |   Bool      | False     |
|                     | If true, it will only be written once,after initialization or restart |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and control what variables will be written in plotfiles.
By default, incflo plotfiles contain the velocity, pressure gradient, density, tracer, velocity magnitude, vorticity,
and if using EB, volume fraction.

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                     | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+=====================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| plotVariables       | Space separated list of variable names. **Takes precedent over all**  |  String     | see above |
|                     | **other plotfile options**. Plotfile will contain only this list,     |             |           |
|                     | e.g. "amr.plotVariables = velx density" will result in plotfiles      |             |           |
|                     | containing only the x-component of the velocity and the density.      |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_ccse_regtest    | Collection of variables for regression test plotfiles (will get       |    Int      | 0         |
|                     | overwritten by plotVariables or plt_* flags)                          |             |           |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_velx            | Save x-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vely            | Save y-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_velz            | Save z-velocity to plot file                                          |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_p               | Save pressure to plot file                                            |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_rho             | Save density to plot file                                             |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_tracer          | Save tracer to plot file                                              |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_eta             | Save viscosity to plot file                                           |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpx             | Save dp/dx to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpy             | Save dp/dy to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_gpz             | Save dp/dz to plot file                                               |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vort            | Save vorticity to plot file                                           |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_forcing         | Save forcing term for velocity to plot file                           |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_strainrate      | Save strain rate to plot file                                         |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_divu            | Save velocity divergence to plot file                                 |    Int      | 0         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| plt_vfrac           | Save EB volume fraction to plot file                                  |    Int      | 1         |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

incflo provides the option to write a user defined selection of variables to a "smallplotfile" at an interval that is
different than that of the full plotfile.
The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and control frequency and naming of smallplotfile generation.

+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                          | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+==========================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| smallplot_int            | Frequency of smallplotfile output;                                    |    Int      | -1        |
|                          | if -1 then no plotfiles will be written at this frequency             |             |           |
| smallplot_per_approx     | Time period of smallplotfile output (approximate); does not modify dt |    Real     | -1        |
|                          | if -1 then no smallplotfiles will be written at this frequency        |             |           |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| smallplotfile_on_restart | Write smallplotfile when restarting (only used if smallplot_int>0)    |    Bool     | False     |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| smallplot_file           | Prefix to use for smallplotfile output                                |  String     | smallplt  |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| smallplotVariables       | Space separated list of variable names.                               |  String     | none      |
+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
