Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsLoadBalancing.rst, before:

.. _Chap:InputsLoadBalancing:

Gridding and Load Balancing
===========================

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and determine how we create the grids and how often we regrid.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| regrid_int           | How often to regrid (in number of steps at level 0)                   |   Int       |    -1     |
|                      | if regrid_int = -1 then no regridding will occur                      |             |           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_x      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in x-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_y      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in y-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_z      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in z-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_x    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_x in x-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_y    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_y in y-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_z    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_z in z-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

The following inputs must be preceded by "fabarray_mfiter" and determine how we create the logical tiles:

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------+
|                      | Description                                                           | Type     | Default     |
+======================+=======================================================================+==========+=============+
| tile_size            | Maximum number of cells in each direction for (logical) tiles         | IntVect  | 1024000     |
|                      |        (3D CPU-only)                                                  |          | 1024000,8,8 |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------+

The following inputs must be preceded by "incflo" and determine how we load balance:

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default      |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+==============+
| load_balance_type    | What strategy to use for load balancing                               |  String     | KnapSack     |
|                      | Options are "KnapSack"or "SFC"                                        |             |              |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| knapsack_weight_type | What weighting function to use if using Knapsack load balancing       |  String     | RunTimeCosts |
|                      | Options are "RunTimeCosts"                                            |             |              |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+
| knapsack_nmax        | Maximum number of grids per MPI process if using knapsack algorithm   |  Int        | 128          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+--------------+

Commit message:

More Doc updates. Remove a few member variables that were parsed but never used

Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/InputsLoadBalancing.rst, after:

.. _Chap:InputsLoadBalancing:

Gridding and Load Balancing
===========================

The following inputs must be preceded by "amr" and determine how we create the grids and how often we regrid. The most
commonly used options are listed here. See the AMReX documentation on :ref:`amrex:Chap:InputsLoadBalancing` for additional
options.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                      | Description                                                           |   Type      | Default   |
+======================+=======================================================================+=============+===========+
| regrid_int           | How often to regrid (in number of steps at level 0)                   |   Int       |    -1     |
|                      | if regrid_int = -1 then no regridding will occur                      |             |           |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_x      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in x-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_y      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in y-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| max_grid_size_z      | Maximum number of cells at level 0 in each grid in z-direction        |    Int      | 32        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_x    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_x in x-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_y    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_y in y-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+
| blocking_factor_z    | Each grid must be divisible by blocking_factor_z in z-direction       |    Int      |  8        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------+

The following inputs must be preceded by "fabarray_mfiter" and determine how we create the logical tiles:

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------+
|                      | Description                                                           | Type     | Default     |
+======================+=======================================================================+==========+=============+
| tile_size            | Maximum number of cells in each direction for (logical) tiles         | IntVect  | 1024000     |
|                      |                                                                       |          |             |
|                      | (3D CPU-only)                                                         |          | 1024000,8,8 |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------+
